introduction to empty pages (#970)
shopware/docs: products/extensions/b2b-suite/concepts/README.md

# Concepts

> B2B Suite is a comprehensive software solution designed to facilitate efficient and seamless business-to-business transactions. It provides organizations with a comprehensive set of tools and functionalities to enhance communication, collaboration, and transaction management with their trading partners. In this section, you will explore the key components of the B2B Suite, including its system architecture, the basic conventions of B2B, the method structure, and the line item list.

Author: ```suggestion
B2B Suite is a comprehensive software solution that facilitates efficient and seamless business-to-business transactions. It provides organizations with a complete set of tools and functionalities to enhance communication, collaboration, and transaction management with their trading partners. In this section, you will explore the key components of the B2B Suite, including its system architecture, the basic conventions of B2B, the method structure, and the line item list.
```
